Setting up allure for integration tests (#491)
canonical/operator-workflows: docs/how-to/integration_test_allure.md

> # Allure Report Integration

Reviewer: Since this is now a how-to guide, I would rephrase the title in the style of `# How to...`. Maybe something like `# How to set up Allure Reports for integration tests` -- let me know if you have any thoughts or ideas :)

Author: addressed

[Allure Report](https://allurereport.org/) for [integration_test_run.yaml](https://github.com/canonical/operator-workflows?tab=readme-ov-file#integration-test-workflow-canonicaloperator-workflowsgithubworkflowsintegration_testyamlmain)

> In order to integrate Allure with your repository, perform the following actions:

Reviewer: I would combine these two lines into a single sentence that describes what the how-to guide will talk about. Maybe something like, `This how-to guide describes how to integrate [Allure Reports](https://allurereport.org/) into your code repository's [integration_test_run.yaml](https://github.com/canonical/operator-workflows?tab=readme-ov-file#integration-test-workflow-canonicaloperator-workflowsgithubworkflowsintegration_testyamlmain).`

Author: addressed

> ## 1. Adding allure-pytest and pytest collection plugin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Add allure-pytest and pytest collection plugin
```

Author: addressed

> Please add the following into the `requirements.txt` that is called by the integration test -

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Include the following snippet in the `requirements.txt` that is called by the integration test:
```

Author: addressed

```
allure-pytest>=2.8.18
```

> Add the following line under the dependencies (`deps`) in the integration section inside `tox.ini` -

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the following line under the dependencies (`deps`) in the integration section inside `tox.ini`:
```

Author: addressed

```
git+https://github.com/canonical/operator-workflows@main\#subdirectory=python/pytest_plugins/allure_pytest_collection_report
```

> ## 2. Calling the allure-workflow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Call the allure-workflow
```

Author: addressed

> Add the following lines at the end of the workflow that runs the integrations tests by calling the reuable workflow [integration-test.yaml](https://github.com/canonical/operator-workflows/blob/main/.github/workflows/integration_test.yaml):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To call the reusable workflow [integration-test.yaml](https://github.com/canonical/operator-workflows/blob/main/.github/workflows/integration_test.yaml), add the following lines at the end of the workflow that runs the integrations tests:
```

Author: changed this sentence slightly, the meaning changes when its rephrased like this, i have put allure-report link instead.

```
  allure-report:
    if: always() && !cancelled()
    needs:
      - [list of jobs with tests you would like to visualize]
    uses: canonical/operator-workflows/.github/workflows/allure_report.yaml@main
```

> Here's an [example for the above](https://github.com/canonical/github-runner-operator/pull/412).

Reviewer: Nitpick: I would rephrase this a little differently. Something like `For an example of this implementation, see [the GitHub runner repository](https://github.com/canonical/github-runner-operator/pull/412).`

Author: done

> **NOTE:** If the workflow is being called inside a matrix with the same test modules run with different parameters, the allure report will only display the results of the last combination.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE:** If the workflow is being called inside a matrix with the same test modules run with different parameters, the Allure Report will only display the results of the last combination.
```

Author: addressed

> ## 3. Changing branch permissions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Change branch permissions
```

Author: done

> **NOTE:** For this, you would require admin access to the repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE:** For this step, you need admin access to the repository.
```

Author: addressed

- Go to the repository's **Settings > Branches** and next to Branch protection rules, select **Add rule**
- Enter the branch name **gh-pages** and click **Save changes** (Ensure that "require signed commits" is unchecked)

> ## 4. Github pages branch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Create a Github pages branch
```

- Create `gh-pages` branch:

```
# For first run, manually create branch with no history 
 # (e.g. 
 # git checkout --orphan gh-pages
 # git rm -rf . 
 # touch .nojekyll 
 # git add .nojekyll 
 # git commit -m "Initial commit" 
 # git push origin gh-pages
 # ) 
 ```

>  - Enable gh pages publishing at ** Settings > Pages ** and set branch name as `gh-pages`:

Reviewer: Does `gh` stand for GitHub? If so, I would explicitly write `GitHub` here

Author: done

<img width="816" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/346c04fc-0daa-40bc-92b5-93b0ea639f94">

>  [Example PR for steps 1 & 2](https://github.com/canonical/github-runner-operator/pull/412/files#)

Reviewer: Nitpick: I would rephrase this a little differently. Something like `For an example of the first two steps, see [the GitHub runner repository](https://github.com/canonical/github-runner-operator/pull/412).`

Author: done
